this one thing improved my sales over
the last year
and it might improve yours too so before
you finish any sales call
always book in a clear next step with
your prospective customer
so it could be that you've had a great
initial call that might be a discovery
call or a scoping call and then that
needs
you need to book in the meeting or the
demo or the presentation or perhaps
you've
done your presentation but now you need
to follow up call with the
manager or the director involved in the
conversation as well
so once you're getting towards the end
of the chat
it might look something like john
enjoyed a conversation today
does it make sense for us to book in the
next presentation call with yourself
and the rest of your team on friday
well john really enjoyed our
conversation looking forward to chatting
again
it's monday morning or afternoon gonna
be best for yourself and the rest of the
team
and once you agree on a time
lock it in there and then so before you
end the phone call the zoom call the
skype call whatever it is
get your calendar open ping them across
that email invite say look i'm sending
the invite whilst on the line
can you let me know once you've accepted
check they've accepted
and that meeting's nice locked in what
this does is it saves
endless email back and forth which we
know can be a pain for both parties
it saves you getting stuck in the
dreaded voicemail jail
having to chase and ultimately improves
your chance of getting that next step
booked in meaning there's saves all the
endless back and forth
and it's just going to help you keep
yourselves flowing nicely and in some
cases that next step may be saying look
we're not the best fit um so the next
step here is for us to part ways as
friends but we'll keep in touch for
future projects
and that's okay too because it's saving
you both time in the long run
anyway are you booking in the next step
before you end your sales calls
let me know in the comments below cheers